---
title: 'VICIOUS V'
date: 2018-02-12T15:37:57+07:00
---

Finding an exceptional criminal attorney and legal defense team like Samantha A. Greene and Sevens Legal is not easy when you are totally and permanently deaf as I am, but my prayers were answered and because of Samantha’s enduring compassion and tenacious approach to winning I now have my life back. After several years of negotiation with a former business associate to settle a business transaction that did not work out, two different private settlements were reached and agreed upon by me and the associate. Later I learned that despite the settlements the still unsatisfied associate had secretly filed a criminal complaint against me and I found myself in need of expert legal representation to avoid jail and close the matter once and for all. The search for an appropriate legal defense firm was a particular challenge for me as my deafness and head cochlear implants required communication only through email, hand-written notes and multiple new-device technologies for the hearing impaired. I was incredibly fortunate to obtain the very best criminal defense attorney, Samantha A. Greene and her Sevens Legal team who were not only willing to patiently work with me under difficult circumstances, but whose defense skills, strategies, and jurisdictional respect in the courtroom surely surpass all others in San Diego County. I am immensely grateful to Samantha for her dedication, confident and calming demeanor and unparalleled abilities in securing optimum results for her clients. What had become a potentially dangerous blemish on my record was ultimately eradicated by the District Attorney dismissing/rejecting the opponent’s criminal complaint against me. My heartfelt thanks go to Samantha A. Greene!
MARK B