---
title: 'T LEE'
date: 2018-02-12T15:37:57+07:00
---

We highly recommend the Sevens Legal Team for your criminal defense issues. We are taking the time to provide this information as with this highly competitive field and your need for a solid defense attorney being necessary. You are not going to know how to pick your best defense team. We are confident this information provides the answer to that very important question. Near the Christmas Holidays, our family member was faced with a legal issue and we went to several San Diego criminal defense team websites. We believed we would receive sporadic responses, if any due to the upcoming holiday season. Almost immediately-in in the late evening, we were introduced to a front line member of the Sevens Legal support team, who answered all our questions, online and on the phone- within 30 minutes. The support team brought in their top legal defense attorney- Samantha Greene, within hours of the first contact, even though she was tending to a current trial case. In 24 hours, Samantha Greene had reviewed the file of our beloved family member and offered her the guaranteed free consultation. During the entire time, the support team provided our family with repeated counseling and support during our crisis, even during the holiday weekend. It should be noted, two days after the release of our family member, other defense attorneys were making their “initial” contact with us. In other words, without the Sevens Legal Team, our family would have sat for days with no answers or support to our family. We highly recommend Sevens Legal.. Should you choose to wait for support and answers to your legal crisis, at one point, you will circle back to Sevens Legal and wander why you waited. They are top notch in expertise, knowledge, customer service support as well as their hands on approach to assisting our family through his overwhelming ordeal.